Okay, what's up people, how about bringing
things today? We have the termite bird, I don't know
if I'll have time to treat everything. Let's
start, okay, no, but today let
the people come because I would like to upload
these four extracts today and not have them
accumulate because in the end I always
go nowhere. Come on, this one, as it's not for today, I
can delay it for tomorrow, it's the
end, they accumulate on me or then I want to
treat this today, you're okay,
always remember, always always always always always
everything that you find out out there, all the
salsa there is and so on, you
have several ways to get it to me
if you want us to see it here live
or even if it's worth dedicating a
video to it on the main channel, okay, my
kids, dot com, the library of the
salt, okay, is there anyone who is not yet
registered in me, to Valeria,
dot com
[Music]
if there's anyone who is really
missing the sauce or well, my kids,
dot com with my sacred, okay, or wherever
you want, okay, but get
things to me if you want us to see them  if not I wouldn't have
found out about things like
today's ok
and it turns out that Christine has uploaded
and not even an interview I don't know if it was
an interview or a chat or what
exactly it's worth but this is kind of
very fashionable
ok in fact it's an application that has come out
now called stereo I'm not going to
mention it much and I'm going to promote it a
lot because they don't pay me base but it
turns out that there are many youtubers who
are making videos with this
application okay I understand that a
promo ok I don't understand what a promo is
and well each one looks for the potatoes
to present it in a certain way ok for
example a lot papi I
think he has done like an well not the
habits exactly but a chat
also about his topics over here he
has more well he has also been seen at
not even the age that he has a six a
series on his channel that he does like spending
a day with some youtuber
ok and what he has done now is release two
episodes one is normal as it is
always done and another chatting here which
was in a way of promoting it okay
I understand that this is an
advertising action but now  it matters
okay
there are some videos that I've seen that have
play okay I was really
entertaining myself the other day with one
that willy rex made who's also
doing it and he did it with vegeta okay with
daddy vegeta it's eye eye and this
time we have christina and I'm
really liking her lately okay I do
n't know if she'll continue this path but
lately I'm really liking her ok
ok I'll put it that I'm seeing her there's
aggravate one like the play that you already
know how good it is that I get along with her and it turns out that in that talk during these five and a half minutes she talked about wind and git okay I already wanted I already wanted to create and she'll speak about wind and okay I don't know if in the video that cristini uploaded me because I know
that she uploaded it to her
main channel the video okay I
know that she uploaded the video but I don't know if she
put done or not she put it I
found this video but I couldn't
find it you sent it to me in
which there is the specific part of the
talk about wind and okay ar and she explains
how her  controversy with wind and kirk I have
n't seen it I promise I haven't seen
anything at all I really
want to see what she said ok you
know that I've dealt with this controversy
quite a bit so let's see what
she has to say and it really surprises me
that wind still hasn't said anything about it
okay I'll say it any
moment she'll release a video something wind will do and
okay for sure
or looking to connect also a little
about you and such there was a time that
you had
why
like a tug of war with wind iger I don't
know if talking about this if you want very
well what happened to the state
what happened has this fixed it
continues continues bad what happened it
sounds very low she
three years if I'm not mistaken when I
was still in breast
and spoke to me and I entered the king
I know exactly what the others
as competition very good time up to
here it seems good to me that she recognizes that
she was the one who started the movement because
honestly let's recognize it was Gary
ok it sounds very low but I can't
see that she recorded it horribly
because Christina and she can be heard well
but she will be  with headphones or I do
n't know what, okay, I can't do
anything to turn it up any more, I mean, what can I
do to turn it up any more? If it's at
maximum, I have it here at maximum,
here in the over it was turned up and here I
have it at maximum that it can also be, I ca
n't turn it up as much as possible
if you want, what I can do is put a
little bit of subtitles if something comes up, okay,
but I think if you put your ear close you can
hear it because I'm bea, I'm
listening to it, okay, listening to it and there on
the sound bar, writing that it
moves, okay, the thing that she's
recognizing that she was the one who
started it, okay, she
called it a meme, I spoke, well, I don't
know, there will be many people who agree
with the studio, other people who don't, okay, I did
consider it to a certain extent
that wind and she did certain things, not to be made
fun of as such or to be
bullied, but
to create controversy, okay, already wind and she did
many things on purpose that she knew were going to be
talked about, okay, and then
in many videos you've had
attitudes that she did on purpose so that
people no longer no  that make fun of it as
such or do they want it but so that people would
comment on it okay how many times have we
seen fake titles done on purpose
knowing that she's going to eat the dislikes
of her life but she doesn't care because of the
visits we are then for example
when she put thousands lay that almost
threw my channel okay and she also put it
to juan made a beat and messed with
vegeta also agree on what he was going to do
sometimes it would be a video that this
main letter she took and uploaded a
video saying sorry I was wrong and
then it was staying with all of us
that is one example among a thousand that I
could give you okay but yes it is true
that there is no deny it was she who
started messing with her at that
time
you can find that everyone of
course it is not an excuse as an excuse to say hey it is
clear to me she is jealous
because her competition because we
are both streamers of those who have cleavage
that has just been defined like that I will do a little
then yes it is true yes it is
true that we have seen a certain obsession
on the part of windy and I cannot
deny that or in other words she has made fun of
her  a lot of youtubers who
get on her nerves don't care that they're
youtubers mess with her even
youtubers who have made fun of her
much more than giving and gameplay and we see her
on twitter and going after them
however she would plate she doesn't forgive her she wants them to
endorse her from here she wants the
band to be still posting [ __ ]
makes videos against her on facebook the
same thing of course they noticed what happened to her I mean what
happened to her on facebook okay it was already that it
got totally out of
hand or so that that that attitude of not
controlling
the impulse not of I [ __ ] on the [ __ ]
that that maybe she has it very
internalized she knows that she has a rage
towards there very internalized and it came out
at that moment because she can't handle the
rage she has okay she can't handle
the rage she has
when it's exactly the same
because with Ari so much and she
forgives others it's not the question what would it be I do
n't remember he
apologized everything we've seen in my
videos he apologized and I send him good
vibes and good wishes when he had wind and
his illness
that they saw that he had to operate and I'm going to
see you in this
realize  of how bad I was
to which he ignored as if it hadn't
existed formentar and then it
's not only that they didn't accept
the apology it's that they ignored it okay
Jonathan welcome to thank you very much
already wind and always what she's tried to
do is like because okay we
bought it okay it's here the same
okay the mockery of her began ok the
moment they apologize to you and on
top of apologizing they stop no longer they can't
do anything else what do you want me to do is
cut off a nipple cut off
a nipple take wind and my condolences take it she ca
n't do anything now but apologize
but wind and what she's always tried to do
is that that apology is they resisted she
knows that nobody noticed and that
nobody finds out that those apologies
existed because because she doesn't want to she's not
interested she wants to make it look like
they have continued and continued and
continued us girls they stopped they
apologized to you and stopped hard you
accepted the apology
I have whatsapp open
you didn't want to accept the apology okay
don't excuse her but don't say no stop
say that it continues no, don't do it
as if the apology didn't exist,
Instagram does
affect it,
time goes by,
maintain, has a system,
but thank you very much, well this was
Victor's thing, okay, it was nonsense
ok in which Javi verse we are, I'm a boyfriend,
how handsome he is, it's a hug, lollipop,
we are in the hub and verse that I got
infected through one eye again, more
outing and a little bit and we disinfection or
a little bit of I took your video a little bit
of something okay, but just in case, I
made my drop, I put on my contact lenses
today, today I am a grandfather commenting here, grandpa's
gossip, okay, I hope
we don't like it,
jua, he made fun of her because if it is
making fun of her in the text, okay, but it
was not like a mockery, like the
video was dedicated to editing it, but it
was not to throw a strike
black at her, thank you very much, yes, it could have
failed, Juan, because if you are already sorry
to her, don't put her in a video, they know,
plan, neither is the goal in a video, no,
if you have had problems with this person,
this apology with her does not stick, no  stick
that you put it in the video the truth
sincerely the anger our evils was
that it is not for that to put
a strike on them damn since the only thing that was was that
he was reacting
tyc two that they sent us by ready or
something like that and he said he had to see the video I do
not want more blows no better yes he
said maybe something about that he directs or
something like that but I think that I do not think
that not even diverse
but if it bothers you Andrew thank you very much
listen to me or a tweet today in churra well
that you excuse me it would have been
great win 10 would have been [ __ ]
great wind and silver give it a strike
would have said
[Music]
well that you apologize to me but then
but then what the [ __ ] are you doing making a
video or putting me in a video
putting me in the thumbnail but he did not choose to
pull the video
thing totally disproportionate that
then the ball got worse because not
only did he throw water on the video but
I made a video where of course I said
that always the time that I always
helped 28 I think that of the
youtubers of criticism I am the one who has
given the least channel and if anything it gives it or
something because I think that at most having
humorously commented on something about her
with the blond thing or something about her with the
marab thing I think it was something like that I know but
always from respect because in fact
I collaborated with her I recorded a video with
her when she lost her channel it helps her to
recover it and in my video I said I do not support
that she tried to make fun of
Aitor Royo milk but when wind and
do not give her a strike okay and in my
video I saw what
what Juan had said okay I put that
extract and wind and I gave myself an extract to me
either you noticed what a move not to give a
strike to the YouTube channel of a
person who has helped you recover your
channel that they might not have a channel could have
recovered it on your own or
might not have recovered it we will never
know okay but it was very cold
then the move became bigger
although it seemed strange
to download a video
but as I said
to stay and I entered the game but
that's where it ended I no longer
and they
ming
is a platform
and I was in a in  I live
the subtitles are wonderful she
was in an indigo she was in an
indigo
the subtitles let's go
like the manuals
written she was telling me like
my things with
why
and then how heavy with that is that she had a
voice that she was corrupt that those from
facebook those from tweets and those from tito
positioned her in a good place the
big move
saying
and ferrari
very fast
sometimes
the [ __ ] many people confirm it
and
well they must but do you think there will
be sal se o / roma la gata and johann
planas on the iker jimnez show a
kiss churra face to throwing a kiss
grace rage look the first thing I don't know what
joan will have done to go to that program
because until yesterday's trailer joan
planas was not in the trailer and
suddenly today they add a year like
okay I'm surprised that she wants to go to a
program where romano is this the
cat okay the cat surely doesn't know
and if they find out at the last moment that
she is carrying it because she would not want to be
on a program with johann  probably
okay I don't know if it will be a
separate interview one by one I will see them later
walter my name directly I will see it recorded
or will they all be in groups like the
programs we have done these days
not on ruben's channel and clothing and so
on no if they are all together surely there will be
some barb or some
dry move it is almost one hundred percent we already
know him they help us but it calls my
curiosity a lot like
antonio the plan
yeah I think he hasn't made videos of
this Andorra topic and if he has it has
n't had any repercussions
[Music] I
have no idea how they
could have or fiel has called or if they have
called him I think he must have called that he
must have called or jmtm or I want to go
because I am going to live walking some move he will
know said for sure but very strange
man thank you very much because he had a
tweet I
don't remember exactly what he supposed
but one of the tweets one of the
last tweets which is that in the game
over that he dedicated to the cat was
look look he approaches iker or is he only
interested in recording with equipment the
visits
for the visits that he brings that  Now the
biker can't what am I
going to tell you wonderful but I don't
know if there is any salcedo because tomorrow
we will talk about it of course about the striker
I think that the striker in the end
said no that he thought it was because of
her but in the end it wasn't because of her
but she did admit to having
reported it know if I explain myself maybe they did
n't handle the striker because of her but
she did try she did
admit to having reported it okay because
Dylan made a criticism on youtube
everything is
not that it is not that it is not that it is not that you take
out the striker and then you
deserve the same it is that she believed
that the striker was not on facebook
because of her and she made a joke and she
made a joke in her live making fun
of that the striker was kicked off
facebook
so people I do
n't know what she has to do but what I
found very funny is that she tried not to
notice that they had shot her from
facebook it was not okay or in reality it was they had taken
away her contract it is
understood because instead of having when you
have a contract they put a name on your
profile I
don't know if it says premium or vip or  Norma or
partner I don't remember or I don't know the
name was on the voucher but it didn't have the
same thing that Arius had, they had lowered it, he
no longer had the contract, you know, and he went
live on Facebook to
announce it live somewhere else and now it's
not going well, I mean, the other day the other day the
other day I was here I don't remember
but it was late because I
don't coincide with these people's schedules at all
because I
was awake but I don't know why, let's
see, I
was waiting for a video, some
thumbnail or something to upload
[Music] I
saw that she was live
and I felt like going in, dude, I took a
screenshot,
well that's what it was, I decided to go
into the
Wind live and to see how it was and for some
reason I don't know, she was on a
loop dancing two phrases from the hole,
look at the live, 900 viewers
and it was like this the whole time, at
least I was
in the live for like five minutes and the five
minutes were like this
[Music] [Music
]
[Music]
and so I was in the live for like 5 minutes
and they were like this  Okay, and the other day the
other day I don't know why I
feel like I have 200 viewers
the other day I got in it was 8 in the
morning I mean don't be like that those of you who are awake
now waiting with the thumbnail on a
video whatever I didn't have 188
viewers I mean
look look at what she's lost
with the tantrums and with the things and with
the moves yeah because on Facebook gaming
I've heard about the contracts they have
with people who have contracts of
6,000, 12,000, even 18 thousand euros or
dollars it's not fair but I don't know what
contract she had but I imagine she
had one of the biggest okay
and look now that she will do well in
the live here in the period and in the end she
continues, continues and continues earning a lot of
money surely but not as much
as she earned as she could be earning now
you guys add it up okay we don't know what
contract she had okay she could have a
contract on Facebook of six thousand,
12,000 and 18,000 okay but imagine
that she has to  let's add up let's
do an average okay it
's probably more than that but more than an average if he
had the contract of 12 thousand plus
the donations let's say he
charges on Facebook around 21 15 thousand
dollars
then on it the live shows if he has 1500
2000 there we would be talking more or less
about 20 30 thousand dollars no I don't know
how much the subscription costs but
about 20 30 thousand dollars plus what twenty
one earns by two or three thousand or four
thousand more plus what his YouTube channel generates having
much more compared to the
rest it's worth it but it's not two or three thousand
euros more we don't know
okay well look look at the very few dollars he
could
be at a higher dollar because he will continue
earning a lot of money because he will continue earning
what he earns from Oliva what he earns from Petreos what
the channel is generating and what he gets from the live shows I do
n't know if we're going directly with me
writing but he's doing very well it happens that
men in the whole end of my post and he
will continue earning a lot of money okay but it
's not even remotely recoverable  what has been
lost what a shame to lose something it
's still something that because they removed it formica
no no
[Music]
I want them to realize rather
the anger always
but then it doesn't solve the problem it has been
left a little open
I
think also because of not having continued but I said it at the beginning or rather there is no reason why you don't have to accept the apologies if you don't want to don't continue like this the other people so they don't continue perfect I don't lectures I understood that I did wrong at my time I
enjoyed myself and I enjoyed myself I
enjoyed myself